docs: :memo: update create issue exercise to be a discussion issue (#91)
rostools/github-intro: sessions/using-issues.qmd

TODO: Reading text
:::

> ## :technologist: Exercise: Create a discussion issue with a list of future recipes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## :technologist: Exercise: Create an issue to discuss future recipes
```

We don't want to confuse "Discussions", which is it's own tab on GitHub.

**Time: \~10 minutes**

> Let's imagine that you would like to discuss or brainstorm some ideas on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Imagine that you would like to discuss or brainstorm some ideas on
```

these ideas:

1.  In your repository, click the "Issues" tab, and then the "New issue"
    button.

2.  Fill in the title with text like "What recipes to add next?". Then
    fill in the description box with some recipes you might want to add
    in the future. If you don't know any recipes or are not sure, you
    could write something like:

    ``` markdown
    In the future I want to add more recipes to this project, but I'm not
    entirely sure what to add yet. I'm open to suggestions!

    Maybe, it could be:

    -   Chocolate mousse
    -   Chocolate-covered strawberries
    -   Apple pie
    ```

3.  To inform the person you would like to get suggestions from, you can
    tag them in the issue. To do this, type `@` followed by the username
    of the person you want to tag. For example, if you want to tag
    someone with the user name `signekb`, you would type `@signekb`. Ask
    your neighbour about their GitHub username and tag them in the
    issue. You could write: "Hey \@\[neighbour's GitHub username\], what
    do you think about the recipes I've listed here? Do you have any
    other suggestions?"

> 4.  When you have added a title and description to the issue, and tagged
>     your neighbour in it, click the "Create" button to create it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4.  When you have added a title and description to the issue as well as tagged
    your neighbour in it, click the "Create" button to create it.
```
